that is, installed on the boulevard eulalio gutiérrez
referees gonzález fell shortly after 18 hours this Sunday
the accident occurred while a function is being developed
another part because of the 2 58%
gusts of wind from the bcra go from 50 kilometers per hour
they lifted from the
north prior to this
no percent the central european part bce efe
john f international airport
that affected the eight people 18 injured a person of the truth
a three-year-old girl who will love both the moment of the modern novel
well the process and society prolonged that do not disturb so the
man kidnapped in the hospital I felt
after achieving the mvp
in relation to the treatment is in it
inspired there are another 18 people who were transferred to a cultural center
by d
the emergency department of firefighters to the pilot and its leaves by
true is not as good as the Spanish very good place changes
here we are percent down from the damage count and most importantly
of the whole bunch for their prices and the people who are there we are
it was the strong gusts of winds that beat part of the structure
what caused it to come down
I did not know if the precisely that air the air was exaggeratedly quartet
I repeat are structures at the world level is the best that there is circus du soleil
the best teams in the world 30 peace how are you exactly the same
i go this can happen here is consumed anywhere where it happens
some and as it is a point of view until the afternoon of Sunday they reported to the
minus 42 injured
that helped us actively and fortunately will not happen
we understand that the national state smn
they will all be through this link
in others that appear in prisons
according to the organizers and for the animals it is much more interesting
they really are not
and it is almost impossible for them to go to the national market for ine
after pointing everything
scared
but
Oct
this plot